Skip to Main Content
Filter: All
English
Contact us
AWS Marketplace
Support
My account
re:Invent
Discover AWS
Products
Solutions
Pricing
Resources
Search
Filter: All
Sign in to console
Create account
Explore topics
re:Invent 2026
The session catalog is live. Explore what's waiting for you
Build & Deploy AI Agents
88% of agent pilots stall. Learn what the rest do differently
Get started
Sign up free, connect your coding agent, and start building
Data for agentic AI
The 7 essential data capabilities to scale agentic AI
Analyst Report
AWS named a Leader in the 2026 Gartner Magic Quadrant for SCPS
AI for Small Businesses
Solutions designed for your business. Delivered by AWS Partners
News & announcements
AWS blog
About AWS
AWS is the world's most comprehensive cloud, enabling organizations to accelerate innovation, reduce costs, and scale more efficiently
Why AWS
Getting Started
Security
Compliance
Trust Center
Sustainability
Global Infrastructure
Careers
Featured Products
Analytics
Application Integration
Artificial Intelligence
Business Applications
Compute
Customer Experience
Databases
Developer Tools
End User Computing
Game Tech
Management Tools
Media Services
Migration & Modernization
Multicloud & Hybrid
Networking & Content Delivery
Operations
Security & Identity
Storage
Supply Chain
Browse all products
Transformation Hubs
Migrate to modernize → Modernize to unlock data → unlock data to run AI
Migrate & Modernize
Clear technical debt, modernize infrastructure, and move to the cloud
Data & Analytics
Future proof your data foundation for agentic AI
Artificial Intelligence
Get production-ready AI that automates, builds, creates, decides, and engages at scale
Featured Products
Get started with one of these featured services or browse all
Browse all products
Amazon Quick
AI-powered assistant for work with research, business insights, automation, and no-code app building
Transform
Eliminate tech debt with agentic AI to modernize legacy systems and code
Aurora
Serverless relational database service for PostgreSQL, MySQL, and DSQL
Amazon Bedrock
The end-to-end platform for building generative AI applications and agents
Amazon Connect Customer
AI-native solution for delivering exceptional experiences across customer interactions
EC2
Secure and resizable compute capacity for virtually any workload
What’s new
Explore new capabilities and the latest technologies
Customer success stories
Learn how customers around the world accelerate their cloud
Featured
By industry
By organization type
Solutions Library
Solutions for any organization
From startups to enterprises, find AWS solutions scaled to your needs. Access tailored resources, pricing models, and support levels.
Analytics Solutions
Discover curated Solutions that address varied analytics use cases
AI Solutions
Discover curated Solutions that address varied artificial intelligence use cases
Migration & Modernization Solutions
Discover curated Solutions that address varied migration and modernization use cases
What's new
Explore new capabilities and the latest technologies
Customer success stories
Learn how customers around the world accelerate their cloud
Pricing overview & tools
AWS Pricing
Learn about pricing and plans in one place
AWS Pricing Calculator
Estimate the cost for your architecture solution
AWS Free Tier
Get free, hands-on experience with AWS products and services
AWS Offers
Explore different offer programs to gain hands-on experience
AWS Savings Plans
Flexible pricing model offering lower prices
Single-product pricing
Amazon S3
Amazon Bedrock
Amazon RDS
Amazon EC2
Amazon SageMaker
Browse all product pricing
Learn
Documentation
Get detailed technical guides and references for all AWS services and tools
Training & Certification
Build and validate your AWS cloud skills and technical expertise
Cloud term glossary
Learn more about key cloud computing concepts
Whitepapers
Expand your knowledge of the cloud with expert guides and diagrams
Cloud fundamentals
Step-by-step instructions for common AWS tasks
Tutorials
Get started with step-by-step instructions
Connect & Support
Builder Center
Learn, build, and connect with builders in the AWS community
Events and webinars
Connect, collaborate, and learn from AWS experts in the cloud computing community
Partner Network
Collaborate with AWS partners to grow your business
Marketplace
Find, test, buy, and deploy third-party software
Support
Access proactive guidance, issue resolution, and helpful tools
Professional services
Accelerate business transformation with expert guidance and packaged solutions
AWS Blogs
Home
Blogs
Editions
AWS Developer Tools Blog
Announcing end-of-support for AWS SDK for Go (v1) effective July 31, 2025
by Burcu Kilic and Trivikram Kamat on 12 JAN 2024 in Announcements , AWS SDK for Go , Go Permalink Share
In alignment with our SDKs and Tools Maintenance Policy , AWS SDK for Go (v1) will enter maintenance mode on July 31, 2024 and reach end-of-support on July 31, 2025.
Existing applications that use AWS SDK for Go (v1) will continue to function as intended, unless there is a fundamental change to how an AWS service works. This is uncommon and would be broadly communicated if it happens. Between July 31, 2024 and end-of-support on July 31, 2025, the AWS SDK for Go (v1) will only receive critical bug fixes and security updates. The SDK will not be updated to support new AWS services, new service features, or changes to existing services.
The following table outlines the level of support for each phase of the SDK lifecycle.
SDK Lifecycle Phase
Start Date
End Date
Support Level
General Availability
November 19, 2015
July 30, 2024
During this phase, the SDK is fully supported. AWS will provide regular SDK releases that include support for new services, API updates for existing services, as well as bug and security fixes.
Maintenance mode
July 31, 2024
July 30, 2025
AWS will limit SDK releases to address critical bug fixes and security issues only. The SDK will not receive API updates for new or existing services, or be updated to support new regions.
End-of-support
July 31, 2025
N/A
The SDK will no longer receive updates or releases. Previously published releases will continue to be available via public package managers and the code will remain on GitHub.
We recommend that you migrate to AWS SDK for Go v2 . AWS SDK for Go v2 provides improved features, enhanced performance, and continued support from AWS. By adopting the latest version of the SDK, developers can ensure the security, compatibility, and stability of their solutions on AWS. Updating also allows you to leverage the latest services and innovations from AWS. Moving to AWS SDK for Go v2 involves a one-time update of your application code. To learn more, refer to the following resources:
AWS SDK for Go landing page contains a getting started guide, key features, guides and examples, and links to additional resources,
Migrating to the AWS SDK for Go V2 explains changes between the two versions and instructions for migrating,
AWS SDK for Go Version 2 – General Availability blog post announcement explains the motivation for launching AWS SDK for Go v2 and benefits over AWS SDK for Go (v1)
Feedback
If you need assistance or have feedback, reach out to your usual AWS support contacts. You can also open a discussion or issue on GitHub. Thank you for using AWS SDK for Go.
TAGS: announcement , aws-sdk , aws-sdk-go , aws-sdk-go-v2 , go
Burcu Kilic
Burcu is a Software Development Manager working on the AWS SDK for Go, AWS SDK for JavaScript, and AWS SDK for PHP. She is passionate about building tools to improve the developer experience. You can find her on GitHub @bkaws.
Trivikram Kamat
Trivikram is maintainer of AWS SDK for JavaScript in Node.js and browser. Trivikram is also a Node.js Core collaborator and have contributed to HTTP, HTTP/2 and HTTP/3 over QUIC implementations in the past. He has been writing JavaScript for over a decade. You can find him on Twitter @trivikram and GitHub @trivikr.
Resources
Developer Resources & Community Open Source Repos Twitch Live Coding Labs on Github
Follow
Instagram Reddit Twitter Facebook LinkedIn Twitch Email Updates
Create an AWS account
Learn
What Is AWS?
What Is Cloud Computing?
What Is Agentic AI?
Cloud Computing Concepts Hub
AWS Cloud Security
What's New
Blogs
Press Releases
Resources
Getting Started
Training
AWS Trust Center
AWS Solutions Library
Architecture Center
Product and Technical FAQs
Analyst Reports
AWS Partners
Developers
Builder Center
SDKs & Tools
.NET on AWS
Python on AWS
Java on AWS
PHP on AWS
JavaScript on AWS
Help
Contact Us
File a Support Ticket
AWS re:Post
Knowledge Center
AWS Support Overview
Get Expert Help
AWS Accessibility
Legal
English
Back to top
Amazon is an Equal Opportunity Employer: Minority / Women / Disability / Veteran / Gender Identity / Sexual Orientation / Age.
Privacy
Site terms
Cookie Preferences
© 2026, Amazon Web Services, Inc. or its affiliates. All rights reserved.
