Skip to Main Content
Filter: All
English
Contact us
AWS Marketplace
Support
My account
re:Invent
Discover AWS
Products
Solutions
Pricing
Resources
Search
Filter: All
Sign in to console
Create account
Explore topics
Event
Register now for AWS re:Invent 2026
Data Migration
On-prem databases weren't built for agentic AI. Amazon RDS is
Independent Software Vendors
AI for software & tech: build, scale, and monetize
AI for Small Businesses
Solutions designed for your business. Delivered by AWS Partners
Artificial Intelligence (AI)
Accelerate AI from experimentation to production with AWS
AI agents
AgentCore: One platform to build, connect and optimize agents
News & announcements
AWS blog
About AWS
AWS is the world's most comprehensive cloud, enabling organizations to accelerate innovation, reduce costs, and scale more efficiently
Why AWS
Getting Started
Security
Compliance
Trust Center
Sustainability
Global Infrastructure
Featured Products
Analytics
Application Integration
Artificial Intelligence
Business Applications
Compute
Customer Experience
Databases
Developer Tools
End User Computing
Game Tech
Management Tools
Media Services
Migration & Modernization
Multicloud & Hybrid
Networking & Content Delivery
Operations
Security & Identity
Storage
Supply Chain
Browse all products
Featured Products
Get started with one of these featured services or browse all
Browse all products
Amazon Quick
AI-powered assistant for work with research, business insights, automation, and no-code app building
Transform
Eliminate tech debt with agentic AI to modernize legacy systems and code
Aurora
Serverless relational database service for PostgreSQL, MySQL, and DSQL
Amazon Bedrock
The end-to-end platform for building generative AI applications and agents
Amazon Connect Customer
AI-native solution for delivering exceptional experiences across customer interactions
EC2
Secure and resizable compute capacity for virtually any workload
Nova
Foundation models delivering frontier intelligence and top price performance
OpenSearch Service
Real-time search, observability, and security analytics
S3
Virtually unlimited secure object storage for AI, analytics, and archives
What’s new
Explore new capabilities and the latest technologies
Customer success stories
Learn how customers around the world accelerate their cloud
By industry
By organization type
Solutions Library
Industry solutions on AWS
Transform your industry with AWS cloud solutions. Access proven architectures, compliance guides, and success stories of customers using AWS products tailored to your sector. Explore AWS solutions for your industry.
Go to industry hub
Advertising and Marketing
Turn data into customer-winning campaigns
Aerospace and Satellite
Cloud solutions to help customers build satellites, conduct space and launch operations, and reimagine space exploration
Automotive
Build smarter vehicles and transform mobility with cloud solutions
Education
Solutions to help facilitate teaching, learning, student engagement, better learning outcomes and modernize IT operations
Energy and Utilities
Revamp legacy operations and accelerate the development of innovative renewable energy business models
Financial Services
Develop innovative and secure solutions across banking, capital markets, insurance, and payments
Games
Enable game development for every genre and platform, from AAA titles to indie studios
Government
Solutions designed to help government agencies modernize, meet mandates, reduce costs, and deliver mission outcomes
Healthcare and Life Sciences
Accelerate innovation and improve patient care with healthcare data management and security
Industrial
Services and solutions for customers across Manufacturing, Automotive, Energy, Power & Utilities, Transportation & Logistics
Manufacturing
Optimize production and speed time-to-market
Media and Entertainment
Transform media & entertainment with the most purpose-built capabilities and partner solutions of any cloud
Nonprofit
Cloud solutions to help nonprofits and NGOs maximize their mission impact and donor relationships
Retail and Consumer Goods
Empower brands to drive market differentiation and growth with cloud solutions
Semiconductor
Design and deliver next-generation chip solutions with cloud technology
Sports
Fuel innovative fan, broadcast, and athlete experiences
Sustainability
Tools and resources to help organizations achieve their sustainability goals with AWS
Telecommunications
Accelerate innovation, scale with confidence, and add agility with cloud-based telecom solutions
Travel and Hospitality
Elevate travel and hospitality with solutions that boost customer experiences and operational efficiency
What's new
Explore new capabilities and the latest technologies
Customer success stories
Learn how customers around the world accelerate their cloud
Pricing overview & tools
AWS Pricing
Learn about pricing and plans in one place
AWS Pricing Calculator
Estimate the cost for your architecture solution
AWS Free Tier
Get free, hands-on experience with AWS products and services
AWS Offers
Explore different offer programs to gain hands-on experience
AWS Savings Plans
Flexible pricing model offering lower prices
Single-product pricing
Amazon S3
Amazon Bedrock
Amazon RDS
Amazon EC2
Amazon SageMaker
Browse all product pricing
Learn
Documentation
Get detailed technical guides and references for all AWS services and tools
Training & Certification
Build and validate your AWS cloud skills and technical expertise
Cloud term glossary
Learn more about key cloud computing concepts
Whitepapers
Expand your knowledge of the cloud with expert guides and diagrams
Cloud fundamentals
Step-by-step instructions for common AWS tasks
Tutorials
Get started with step-by-step instructions
Connect & Support
Builder Center
Learn, build, and connect with builders in the AWS community
Events and webinars
Connect, collaborate, and learn from AWS experts in the cloud computing community
Partner Network
Collaborate with AWS partners to grow your business
Marketplace
Find, test, buy, and deploy third-party software
Support
Access proactive guidance, issue resolution, and helpful tools
Professional services
Accelerate business transformation with expert guidance and packaged solutions
AWS Blogs
Home
Blogs
Editions
AWS Developer Tools Blog
Announcing end-of-support for AWS SDK for JavaScript v2 effective September 8, 2025
by Burcu Kilic on 06 MAR 2024 in Announcements , AWS SDK for JavaScript in Node.js , JavaScript Permalink Share
In alignment with our SDKs and Tools Maintenance Policy , AWS SDK for JavaScript v2 will enter maintenance mode on September 8, 2024 and reach end-of-support on September 8, 2025.
Existing applications that use AWS SDK for JavaScript v2 will continue to function as intended, unless there is a fundamental change to how an AWS service works. This is uncommon and would be broadly communicated if it happens. Between September 8, 2024 and end-of-support on September 8, 2025, the AWS SDK for JavaScript v2 will only receive critical bug fixes and security updates. The SDK will not be updated to support new AWS services, new service features, or changes to existing services.
The following table outlines the level of support for each phase of the SDK lifecycle.
SDK Lifecycle Phase
Start Date
End Date
Support Level
General Availability
June 19, 2014
September 7, 2024
During this phase, the SDK is fully supported. AWS will provide regular SDK releases that include support for new services, API updates for existing services, as well as bug and security fixes.
Maintenance mode
September 8, 2024
September 7, 2025
AWS will limit SDK releases to address critical bug fixes and security issues only. The SDK will not receive API updates for new or existing services, or be updated to support new regions.
End-of-support
September 8, 2025
N/A
The SDK will no longer receive updates or releases. Previously published releases will continue to be available via public package managers and the code will remain on GitHub.
We recommend that you update to AWS SDK for JavaScript v3 . AWS SDK for JavaScript v3 provides improved features, enhanced performance, and continued support from AWS. By adopting the latest version of the SDK, developers can ensure the security, compatibility, and stability of their solutions on AWS. Updating also allows you to leverage the latest services and innovations from AWS. Moving to AWS SDK for JavaScript v3 involves a one-time update of your application code. To ease your migration, we provide an automated migration tool . To learn more, refer to the following resources:
AWS SDK for JavaScript landing page contains a getting started guide, key features, guides, and links to additional resources,
Migrating your code to SDK for JavaScript V3 documentation page explains the migration process and how to use the automated migration tool,
Migration guide on the AWS SDK for JavaScript GitHub repo lists changes between the two versions,
Modular packages in AWS SDK for JavaScript blog post explains the motivation behind modularization and includes usage examples,
First-class TypeScript support in modular AWS SDK for JavaScript blog post explains the benefits of using TypeScript in the SDK,
Why and how you should use AWS SDK for JavaScript (v3) on Node.js 18 blog post explains the size and performance benefits of using AWS SDK for JavaScript v3 on Node.js 18,
If using AWS SDK for JavaScript in AWS Lambda, Reduce Lambda cold start times: migrate to AWS SDK for JavaScript v3 blog post explains performance optimizations available via bundling.
Feedback
If you need assistance or have feedback, reach out to your usual AWS support contacts. You can also open a discussion or issue on GitHub. Thank you for using AWS SDK for JavaScript.
TAGS: announcement , aws-sdk , aws-sdk-js , aws-sdk-js-v3 , JavaScript , node , Node.js , SDK
Burcu Kilic
Burcu is a Software Development Manager working on the AWS SDK for Go, AWS SDK for JavaScript, and AWS SDK for PHP. She is passionate about building tools to improve the developer experience. You can find her on GitHub @bkaws.
Resources
Developer Resources & Community Open Source Repos Twitch Live Coding Labs on Github
Follow
Instagram Reddit Twitter Facebook LinkedIn Twitch Email Updates
Create an AWS account
Learn
What Is AWS?
What Is Cloud Computing?
What Is Agentic AI?
Cloud Computing Concepts Hub
AWS Cloud Security
What's New
Blogs
Press Releases
Resources
Getting Started
Training
AWS Trust Center
AWS Solutions Library
Architecture Center
Product and Technical FAQs
Analyst Reports
AWS Partners
Developers
Builder Center
SDKs & Tools
.NET on AWS
Python on AWS
Java on AWS
PHP on AWS
JavaScript on AWS
Help
Contact Us
File a Support Ticket
AWS re:Post
Knowledge Center
AWS Support Overview
Get Expert Help
AWS Accessibility
Legal
English
Back to top
Amazon is an Equal Opportunity Employer: Minority / Women / Disability / Veteran / Gender Identity / Sexual Orientation / Age.
Privacy
Site terms
Cookie Preferences
© 2026, Amazon Web Services, Inc. or its affiliates. All rights reserved.
