Documentation Index
Fetch the complete documentation index at: /docs/llms.txt
Use this file to discover all available pages before exploring further.
Skip to main content
HubSpot docs home page
Search...
⌘ K Ask Assistant ⌘ I
Changelog
Sign up
Search...
Navigation
Sunsetted and deprecated APIs
close
On this page
Sunsetted APIs
Deprecated APIs
Sunsetted and deprecated APIs
Learn about the APIs that HubSpot has sunsetted and deprecated.
The APIs listed in the sections below will not receive future updates to functionality, and in some cases, will be fully sunsetted and unavailable for use in your integrations.
It’s highly recommended that you subscribe to the HubSpot Developer Changelog to follow along with the latest updates, breaking changes, and other significant changes to functionality.
​
Sunsetted APIs
The following APIs have been fully removed, and will return an error when making a call to their associated endpoints.
API
Sunset date
Notes
HubDB v2
December 16, 2024
Continue working with HubDB via the HubDB v3 API instead, which includes many performance, usability, and API consistency improvements over v2.
CMS performance
April 9, 2024
For website analytics data, use the analytics API .
Ecommerce bridge
February 28, 2023
Integrations should switch to using HubSpot’s CRM v3 APIs , with calls authenticated by an app . Learn more in the changelog announcement .
Accounting extension
February 28, 2023
Integrations should switch to using HubSpot’s CRM v3 APIs , with calls authenticated by an app . Learn more in the changelog announcement .
Marketing calendar
August 31, 2023
You can continue to use the marketing calendar in HubSpot .
Contact lists v1
April 30, 2026
Create and manage contact lists with the latest lists API . Learn more in the changelog announcement .
​
Deprecated APIs
The legacy endpoints listed below will not be getting a version update. These endpoints are functional and stable, but won’t be updated beyond their current version. HubSpot will continue to support them for the foreseeable future and will announce any future changes with ample notice on HubSpot’s Developer Changelog .
API
Notes
Social media
Includes the following endpoints:
GET /broadcast/v1/channels/setting/publish/current
GET /broadcast/v1/broadcasts
GET /broadcast/v1/broadcasts/:broadcast_guid
POST /broadcast/v1/broadcasts
DELETE /broadcast/v1/broadcasts/:broadcast_guid
Last modified on September 2, 2026
Was this page helpful?
Yes No
facebook instagram youtube x linkedin medium
Assistant
Responses are generated using AI and may contain mistakes.
