Skip to main content
Skip to Ask Learn chat experience
This browser is no longer supported.
Upgrade to Microsoft Edge to take advantage of the latest features, security updates, and technical support.
Download Microsoft Edge
More info about Internet Explorer and Microsoft Edge
Table of contents
Exit editor mode
Ask Learn
Reading mode
Table of contents
Read in English
Add
Add to Plans
Edit
Copy Markdown
Print
Note
Access to this page requires authorization. You can try signing in or changing directories .
Access to this page requires authorization. You can try changing directories .
Migration from Preview to GA version of Realtime API
Feedback
Summarize this article for me
In this article
The Azure OpenAI GPT Realtime API is now Generally Available (GA). This migration guide helps you update existing applications to use the GA protocol. The GA version introduces changes to SDK usage, endpoint URLs, event names, and session configuration.
What's changing : SDK packages, endpoint URL format, event names, and session configuration structure.
What's not changing : Core functionality, audio format support, and model capabilities.
Time to migrate : Most migrations take 30-60 minutes.
Important
The preview version of the API was deprecated on April 30, 2026. Migrate to the GA version now to avoid service disruption.
Note
If you're building a new application, refer to the Realtime API quickstart instead. This guide is only for migrating existing preview applications to GA.
Prerequisites
Before you begin the migration, verify you have:
An existing Azure OpenAI resource with a Realtime API deployment that uses the Preview (Beta) protocol
Access to the Azure portal with permissions to manage Azure OpenAI resources
Ability to update SDK dependencies in your development environment
A test environment where you can validate changes before deploying to production
Understanding of your current implementation (WebSocket or WebRTC)
SDK Support
For Realtime GA API protocol, you need to use a supported SDK and the right API version.
Caution
The Realtime GA API protocol and message format are only supported in the SDKs provided by OpenAI. Realtime Preview SDKs previously released by Microsoft don't support GA API protocol.
List of SDKs :
TypeScript/JavaScript: https://github.com/openai/openai-node
Python: https://github.com/openai/openai-python
Java (only message format): https://github.com/openai/openai-java
Go (only message format): https://github.com/openai/openai-go
.NET: https://github.com/openai/openai-dotnet
Important
You need to use OpenAI .NET v.2.9.0 or later. Realtime GA API protocol isn't supported in earlier versions.
API version / Base URL .
Use GA endpoint URL format in your applications. This URL should contain /openai/v1 and shouldn't contain any API version like 2025-04-01-preview .
Example of GA endpoint format:
https://<your-resource>.openai.azure.com/openai/v1/
See detailed information on the endpoint format in this article . See example of GA endpoint format usage in Quick start on GPT Realtime API for speech and audio .
Update WebRTC endpoints
If you're using WebRTC for browser-based realtime audio, you need to update two endpoints to the GA versions.
Ephemeral keys for WebRTC requests are now created with a POST /openai/v1/realtime/client_secrets request on your Azure OpenAI endpoint (see details in Step-by-step guide ).
The URL for initializing the WebRTC connection in the browser is now /openai/v1/realtime/calls (see details in Step-by-step guide ).
Protocol changes for custom clients
If you implement the Realtime API protocol in your own client instead of using the official SDKs, review these detailed protocol changes.
OpenAI-Beta header
Don't include the OpenAI-Beta: header in any of the requests.
Modified events
Both realtime speech-to-speech and transcription sessions now use the same session.update event. This event has new type field with the following possible values:
realtime for speech-to-speech
transcription for realtime audio transcription
See the following code snippet example:
ws.on("open", function open() {
ws.send(
JSON.stringify({
type: "session.update",
session: {
type: "realtime",
model: "gpt-realtime",
// ... additional configuration
The session.update event changed format, and some properties are now in different locations. See the API reference for details.
The following event names changed:
From response.text.delta to response.output_text.delta
From response.audio.delta to response.output_audio.delta
From response.audio_transcript.delta to response.output_audio_transcript.delta
All conversation item events now have object=realtime.item field.
A status field can be added to the function call output item. This field has no effect on the conversation.
The types of the message content for assistant responses changed like this:
From type=text to type=output_text
From type=audio to type=output_audio
New events
The conversation.item.added and conversation.item.done events were added to better handle long-running operations such as MCP tool listing.
Troubleshooting
This section covers common issues encountered during migration and their solutions.
WebSocket connection returns 401 Unauthorized
Symptom : Connection fails with authentication error after updating to GA endpoint.
Cause : The api-version query parameter is no longer supported in GA endpoint URLs.
Solution : Remove api-version from your endpoint URL. Change from:
wss://<resource>.openai.azure.com/openai/realtime?api-version=2025-04-01-preview
to:
wss://<resource>.openai.azure.com/openai/v1/realtime
Event handlers not triggering
Symptom : Audio or text responses aren't being processed after migration.
Cause : Event names changed between Preview and GA versions.
Solution : Update your event handler names according to the new event names. Ensure all occurrences are updated, including error handlers.
Session configuration rejected
Symptom : Server returns an error when sending the session.update event.
Cause : The required type field is missing from the session configuration.
Solution : Add the type field to your session configuration with the value "realtime" for speech-to-speech or "transcription" for audio transcription.
WebRTC connection fails to establish
Symptom : Browser-based WebRTC connection doesn't establish after migration.
Cause : WebRTC endpoints changed in the GA version.
Solution : Update both the ephemeral key endpoint and the connection URL.
.NET SDK compatibility error
Symptom : .NET application throws errors when attempting to use GA protocol.
Cause : GA protocol requires OpenAI .NET SDK version 2.9.0 or later.
Solution : Update your .NET SDK package to version 2.9.0 or later using:
dotnet add package OpenAI --version 2.9.0
Verification checklist
Use this checklist to verify your migration is complete:
SDK updated to GA-compatible version (Python ≥1.54.0, JavaScript ≥4.77.0, .NET ≥2.9.0)
Endpoint URLs changed to /openai/v1/realtime format
api-version query parameter removed from endpoint URLs
Event names updated ( response.text.delta → response.output_text.delta , etc.)
type field added to session.update event configuration
OpenAI-Beta header removed from custom client implementations
WebRTC endpoints updated (if applicable)
Application tested successfully in a non-production environment
Audio input and output verified to work correctly
No deprecation warnings appear in application logs
Performance metrics meet or exceed baseline expectations
Next steps
When you migrate to the GA version of the Realtime API, explore these resources to enhance your implementation:
Realtime API reference - Complete API documentation
WebSocket implementation guide - Detailed WebSocket configuration
WebRTC implementation guide - Browser-based audio implementation
SIP integration - Enable phone call integration
Realtime API quickstart - Additional implementation examples
Azure OpenAI pricing - Cost and billing information
Feedback
Was this page helpful?
Yes
No
Need help with this topic?
Want to try using Ask Learn to clarify or guide you through this topic?
Ask Learn
Suggest a fix?
Additional resources
Last updated on
2026-07-29
In this article
Was this page helpful?
Need help with this topic?
Want to try using Ask Learn to clarify or guide you through this topic?
Ask Learn
Suggest a fix?
en-us
Your Privacy Choices
Theme
Light
Dark
High contrast
AI Disclaimer
Previous Versions
Blog
Contribute
Privacy
Consumer Health Privacy
Terms of Use
Trademarks
&copy; Microsoft 2026
